modules Maelstrom:
these parts can be placed in one of three slots in your inventory. you cannot have spare modules.
if you buy a module with ALT, you can replace one of the three existing modules.
you can have multiple of the same module installed, remember that this is not aways wise for every level.
you'll find yourself buying modules for your ship constantly. modules are not neccesary for the completion of the game though.
every module works as an upgrade, even if a module looks purely aestethic.
when you buy a module and replace one, you get a refund equal to half the value of the replaced module.

0-close proximity detector: gives a 30% chance to evade bullets when hit. (bullets will change color to green if evasion is successful, also works on lasers/beams)
1-ancient novacore: beam weapons are 1.5 times more powerful, and the heat increase is nullified.
2-missile rack: you can carry an extra 100 missiles.
3-missile warheads: missiles are 1.3 times more powerful, and have a blast radius of 20.
4-absorbtion: force blast and force shield now absorb bullets, replenishing hull and energy a little. (bullets will change color to green if absorbed, does not work on lasers/beams)
5-discharge: force blast and force shield have an electrical element, and can now do damage.
6-aluminum heat bulk: heat reduces 2 times faster.
7-heating system: cold warms up 2 times faster.
8-overclock: all weapons fire 1.3 times faster.
9-thick carbonsteel plate: 100% resistant against big beams once per level, and (if armor isn't damaged by a big beam) damage is reduced by a third. (big beams damage you severely)
10-reactive plating: as long as your energy lasts, reduces any incoming damage by one third. (a hit damages your energy too a little)
11-energy capacitor: increases energy capacity by 100, and increases energy replenishment.
12-overcharge: charged weapons, such as plasma cannon, frigid arrow and fire blast, can be overcharged to 1.5 times their original strength.
13-legendary: all weapons are 1.2 times more powerful.
14-ace: movement speed acceleration and maximum speed become 1.5 times faster, also stops faster.
15-lockon system: allows beam type weapons to home into enemies, selected by the pilot. if no target is selected, the weapons will fire according to their original settings.
16-unmelting ice: Frigid arrow has 500 more health, ice bolt leaves a mist of cold behind (freezing enemies instantly), and ice mode works 1.5 times better. 
      being frozen is now harder to escape from, and your temperature goes down faster when using ice weapons.
17-black flames: flame blast has a 1.5 times bigger radius, fire bolt leaves a trail of ember behind (burning enemies who fly into it), and fire mode works 1.5 times better. 
      being set on fire is now harder to escape from, and your heat increases more when using fire weapons.
18-royal power: smaller enemies would rather stay at a distance from you now, bigger enemies are not affected. (scouts/scanners won't scan you anymore)
19-Doujin style: all normal weapons fire differently, except for misiles. this module is not entirely aestethic, because of the fact that you can now spam every weapon. 
      a bullet of a weapon deals half the damage, but you fire almost 2.4 times more bullets.

powerful combinations (also achievements):

defensive measures: 0-4-9 (you can never have too many defences)
paranoid Hayase: 0-9-10 (...but if i choose for firepower, THEY MIGHT USE THEIR LASERS!)
flying fortress: 9-10-11 (with a hull this big, none shall stand in your way)
everything for guns: 8-12-13 (we need more guns! MOAR GUNS)
bullet hell qualified: 4-8-19 (i heard you like a challenge, prepare to dodge like hell)
elemental chaos: 5-16-17 (terrifying, what a small ship like that can do)
hell on Yllun: 6-11-17 (BURN, YES BURN!!! HAHAHAHAHA)
frozen planet: 7-11-16 (because moving enemies are too mainstream)
special attack: 5-11-12 (and he's doing another special...)
at supersonic speed: 14-18-19 (You're too slow!)
Neutra is my job: 4-5-11 (heat? cold? what do you mean?)
IMA FIRING MA BLAZOR: 1-8-13 (BLAAARGH)
balanced fighter: 1-3-9 (prepared for every encounter)
missile cannon: 2-3-13 (i don't launch missiles, i fire them with a gatling gun.)
i guess he's cheating:1-8-15 (free guns are even more free now)
